top: Update top-level docs. (#576)
micropython/micropython-lib: CONTRIBUTING.md

repository](https://github.com/micropython/micropython). Please see
[micropython/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/micropython/micropython/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
and [micropython/CODECONVENTIONS.md](https://github.com/micropython/micropython/blob/master/CODECONVENTIONS.md).

### Raising issues

Please include enough information for someone to reproduce the issue you are
describing. This will typically include:

* The version of MicroPython you are using (e.g. the firmware filename, git
  hash, or version info printed by the startup message).
* What board/device you are running MicroPython on.
* Which package you have installed, how you installed it, and what version.
  When installed via `mip`, all packages will have a `__version__`
  attribute.
* A simple code snippet that demonstrates the issue.

If you have a how-to question or are looking for help with using MicroPython
or packages from micropython-lib, please post at the[discussion forum]
(https://github.com/orgs/micropython/discussions) instead.

### Pull requests

The same rules for commit messages, signing-off commits, and commit structure
apply as for the main MicroPython repository. All Python code is formatted

> using `black`. See `tools/codeformat.py` to apply `black` automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using `black`. See [`tools/codeformat.py`](https://github.com/micropython/micropython-lib/blob/top-level-docs/tools/codeformat.py) to apply `black` automatically
```

Author: Same. But I think it makes more sense as a link than as `code` so will fix both.

before submitting a PR.

There are some specific conventions and guidelines for micropython-lib:

* The first line of the commit message should start with the name of the
  package, followed by a short description of the commit. Package names are
  globally unique in the micropython-lib directory structure.

  For example: `shutil: Add disk_usage function.`

> * Although we encourage keeping the code short and minimal, please still use
>   comments in your code. In most cases, packages will be installed via
>   `mip`, which means that they will be compiled to bytecode, so comments will
>   not contribute to the installed size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Although we encourage keeping the code short and minimal, please still use
  comments in your code. Typically, packages will be installed via
  `mip` and so they will be compiled to bytecode where comments will
  _not_ contribute to the installed size.
```

* All packages must include a `manifest.py`, including a `metadata()` line
  with at least a description and a version.

* Prefer to break larger packages up into smaller chunks, so that just the
  required functionality can be installed. The way to do this is to have a
  base package, e.g. `mypackage` containing `mypackage/__init__.py`, and then
  an "extension" package, e.g. `mypackage-ext` containing additional files

>   e.g. `mypackage/ext.py`. See `collections-defaultdict` as an example.

Reviewer: Should add a link if we want the user to see an example:

```suggestion
  e.g. `mypackage/ext.py`. See [`collections-defaultdict`](https://github.com/micropython/micropython-lib/tree/master/python-stdlib/collections-defaultdict) as an example.
```

Author: I don't think `code` can also be a link?

Reviewer: It did render correctly when I tried it in the Discussion preview window...

Author: You're right! That's neat. Updated.
